Possible projects for capstone projects:

Two semester course.  Starting either fall or spring.  So we are
shooting for jan.  Proposals are pretty vague. Team projects, 5 to 6
students.  Specs done as part of the project.  Need a demo at the end
of the first semester.  Second semester is testing & scaling.
Generally about twice as many projects to choose from as teams.  Team
meets once or twice a week with proposers, often by phone.

1. Analyze log files in real time to provide advice to physics
instructors.  Instructors adjust lectures based on data from problems
done the night before.

2.  Based on log files, suggest problems that will help them prepare
for the exam.  Adaptive task selection.

3.  Address the equation parser.  Instructors use latex, but students’
done.  Cramster has equation palette, which students seem to use but
instructors seem to hate.  So survey what various software does for
math entry.  Maple, MathCad, Maxima, Mathmatica, … Then develop
parser.  It should have API to Andes for reducing ambiguity.  Outputs
in MathML?  No, need something like Mathematica’s.

4.  The cascading text for defing variables.  When do down load from
server?  By character, by tab-deliminted segments or whole tree
structure?  Need too much in the driver program for Brett?  Let’s have
them do it.

5.  Architect with model-view-controller so that as system changes,
the log player automatically keeps up.

6.  Duplicate WebAssing effort on Lon-Capa.  But they build
relationships then disappear.

7.  Replace the mysterious scoring scheme with game theory
perspective: if only 2 choices, then always correct on second choice.
Better penalty for guessing.

8.  Customization.  Survey physics instructors to find out what are
the rubrics used during hand grading.
